README.md, before:

# SpaceHackingOdyssey
Thank you for attending our class! The resources in this repository can be used to review class material or create your own environment for exploring cyber security in space vehicles.

## Environment Setup
If you would like to spin up your own environment in AWS, you will need the following:

* An AWS account that is not limited to the free tier (unfortunately, running the flight software is quite CPU intensive)
* The AWS comand line utility installed locally (instructures here - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html)
* AWS credentials configured locally (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-configure.html)
* git installed (https://github.com/git-guides/install-git)

### Cloning the repo
Open a local terminal and run the following command to download all the files in this repo:\
```git clone git@github.com:Final-Frontier-Security/SpaceHackingOdyssey.git```

### Uploading SSH Key
The EC2 instances that are deployed by the CloudFormation template require you to have an SSH key configured with the name "bhu24". You can create your own key with that name or upload one using the bhus24.pub key material.\
From the same termianl window, you can run the following to create the key:\
```
cd SpaceHackingOdyssey
export AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=us-east-2 #Setting default region to us-east-2
aws ec2 import-key-pair --key-name space_class --public-key-material fileb://space_class.pub --region us-east-2
```

### Deploying the Environment
Again, from that same terminal window, run the following AWS commands to start to deploy the environment. You may need to specify a region:\
```
# Uploading the yaml file to AWS to import the stack file
aws cloudformation create-stack --stack-name space-class-stack --template-body file://SpaceHackingOdyssey_CloudFormation.yaml --capabilities CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM

# Sending AWS the 'deploy' command to create the stack based on the file uploaded above
aws cloudformation deploy --stack-name space-class-stack --template-file file://SpaceHackingOdyssey_CloudFormation.yaml --capabilities CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM
```

Commit message:

updated readme with destroy commands

README.md, after:

# SpaceHackingOdyssey
Thank you for attending our class! The resources in this repository can be used to review class material or create your own environment for exploring cyber security in space vehicles.

## Environment Setup
If you would like to spin up your own environment in AWS, you will need the following:

* An AWS account that is not limited to the free tier (unfortunately, running the flight software is quite CPU intensive)
* The AWS comand line utility installed locally (instructures here - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html)
* AWS credentials configured locally (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-configure.html)
* git installed (https://github.com/git-guides/install-git)

### Cloning the repo
Open a local terminal and run the following command to download all the files in this repo:
```
git clone git@github.com:Final-Frontier-Security/SpaceHackingOdyssey.git
```

### Uploading SSH Key
The EC2 instances that are deployed by the CloudFormation template require you to have an SSH key configured with the name "bhu24". You can create your own key with that name or upload one using the bhus24.pub key material.\
From the same termianl window, you can run the following to create the key:
```
# Let's hop in our newly cloned repo
cd SpaceHackingOdyssey

# Setting environment variable to default 'us-east-2' region
# Required because the AMI images are only publicly available in 'us-east-2'
export AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=us-east-2

# Importing our key pair to AWS
aws ec2 import-key-pair --key-name space_class --public-key-material fileb://space_class.pub
```

### Deploying the Environment
Again, from that same terminal window, run the following AWS commands to start to deploy the environment.
```
# Uploading the yaml file to AWS to import the stack file
aws cloudformation create-stack --stack-name space-class-stack --template-body file://SpaceHackingOdyssey_CloudFormation.yaml --capabilities CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM

# Sending AWS the 'deploy' command to create the stack based on the file uploaded above
aws cloudformation deploy --stack-name space-class-stack --template-file file://SpaceHackingOdyssey_CloudFormation.yaml --capabilities CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM
```

### Destroying the Environment
We are not responsible for AWS fees incurred by the deployment of this stack. When you are finished, be sure to use this command to destroy the stack.
The command will return once the stack is completely destroyed
```
aws cloudformation wait stack-delete-complete --stack-name space-class-stack
```
